PolymerPy
=========

PolymerPy is a Python package for analyzing biopolymers imaged with
single molecule localization microscopies, such as STORM and
PALM. Among other things, the module may be used to generate
individual realizations of biopolymers, to simulate an ensemble of
polymer realizations, or to construct artificial datasets for direct
comparison to microscopy experiments.

The software was originally developed by Kyle Douglass for use in the
Laboratory of Experimental Biophysics at École Polytechnique Fédérale
de Lausanne (EPFL) in Lausanne, Switzerland. He may be contacted at
kyle.douglass@epfl.ch or by visiting [http://kmdouglass.github.io].

## Contents ##
### Files ###
+ *README.md* - This help file
+ *setup.py* - Used to install this module.

### Folders ###
+ *docs* - Contains documentation on the simulation technique.
+ *data_structres* - Example scripts that show how to run the
  software.
+ *experimental_distrs* - Text files containing the radius of gyration
  distributions from the microscopy experiments.
+ *likelihood_data* - Log-likelihood datasets that were generated by
  comparing experimental radius of gyration distributions to the
  simulated ones.
+ *misc* - Old files not relevant to the current state of the project.
+ *PolymerPy* - Folder containing the PolymerPy module code.
+ *private* - Scripts for working with our actual experimental
  datasets.
+ *simulated_data* - Contains files storing the _simulated_ radius of
  gyration distributions.
+ *tests* - Scripts for automatic testing.

## Instructions ##

### Using the software ###

Example scripts that demonstrate how to use the software are found in
the _examples_ folder. These examples cover

1. how to simulate ensembles of wormlike chains from a range of input
   parameters;
2. how to compute the log-likelihood values comparing a simulated
   dataset to an experimental one;
3. how to plot the log-likelihood values.


